Well done!
Excellent job on completing the case study!
You have finished analyzing your data and you have even
prepared some dashboards and ideas to communicate with WarmeHands.
Your results will be able to guide and impact management decisions.
So far, you have used the free version of Power BI to create some interesting reports, but you
will need access to Power BI Service to share your reports online and with other WarmeHands employees.
This will allow you a more real-time collaboration with your
colleagues and gives a more professional touch when sharing reports and insights.
This course has helped you show great proficiency in cleaning and
exploring data and using DAX functions to make multiple calculations.
If you want to dive even more into complex calculations and data manipulation, you can take these courses.
On the other hand, if your goal is to create even more
elaborate reports, you can explore further tools in this course.
Congratulations on completing this case study, and keep up building those skills!